A Short Story : The Golden Egg



This Short Story The Golden Egg is quite interesting to all the people. Enjoy reading this story. 



Haria, a poor barber lived alone in his small hut. He was dedicated to his work. And whatever he earns was enough to fulfill his needs. 



One evening, after returning from work, Haria was hungry. “What shall I cook tonight?” he thought. Just then he heard a hen clucking outside his hut. “That hen would make a great feast for me,” thought Haria and prepared to catch the hen. 



With a little effort he was able to catch the hen. As he was about to kill the hen, it squeaked, “Please do not kill me, O kind man! I will help you.” Haria stopped. Though he was surprised that the hen spoke, he asked, “How can you help me?” 



“If you spare my life, I will lay a golden egg everyday for you,” said the hen. Haria’s eyes got widened in delight. Haria was surprised to hear this promise. “A golden egg! That too everyday! But why should I believe you? You might be lying,” said Haria. “If I do not lay a golden egg tomorrow, you can kill me,” said the hen. After this promise, Haria spared the hen and waited for the next day. 



The next morning, Haria found a golden egg lying outside his hut and the hen sitting beside it. “It is true! You really can lay a golden egg!” exclaimed Haria with great delight. He did not reveal this incident to any one, fearing that others would catch the hen. 



From that day onwards, the hen would lay a golden egg everyday. In return, Haria took good care of the hen. Very soon, Haria became rich. 



But he became greedy. He thought, “If I cut open the hen’s stomach, I can get out all the golden eggs at once. I do not have to wait for the hen to lay the golden eggs one by one.” 



That night, he brought the hen to the interior portion of his house and killed the hen. But to his dismay, he found no golden eggs. Not even one. 



“What have I done? My greed had made me kill the hen,” he wailed. But it was too late. 